feat: emit diagnostics_channel events upon routing request (#5252)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Hooks.md

## Diagnostics Channel Hooks

> **Note:** The `diagnostics_channel` is currently experimental on Node.js, so
> its API is subject to change even in semver-patch releases of Node.js. As some
> versions of Node.js are supported by Fastify where `diagnostics_channel` is
> unavailable, or with an incomplete feature set, the hook uses the
> [dc-polyfill](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dc-polyfill) package to provide a

> > polyfill. Feel free to either use this package or `diagnostics_channel` itself
> > in your application.

Reviewer: What benefit is the final sentence providing to the Fastify docs?

```suggestion
> polyfill.
```

Author: An application would benefit if it needs to run on a wide range of Node.js versions. But, since app owners have more control over Node.js, the point is moot. I'll apply your suggested removal.

  })
})
```

Five other events are published on a per-request basis following the
[Tracing Channel](https://nodejs.org/api/diagnostics_channel.html#class-tracingchannel)

> nomenclature. Here's a list of the channel names and the event they receive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nomenclature. The list of the channel names and the event they receive is:
```

- `tracing:fastify.request:start`: Always fires
  - `{ request: Request, reply: Reply }`
- `tracing:fastify.request:end`: Always fires
  - `{ request: Request, reply: Reply }`
- `tracing:fastify.request:asyncStart`: Fires for promise/async handlers
  - `{ request: Request, reply: Reply, result: Payload }`
- `tracing:fastify.request:asyncEnd`: Fires for promise/async handlers
  - `{ request: Request, reply: Reply, result: Payload }`
- `tracing:fastify.request:error`: Fires when an error occurs
  - `{ request: Request, reply: Reply, error: Error }`

The object instance remains the same for all events associated with a given
request. All payloads include a `request` and `reply` property which are an
instance of Fastify's `Request` and `Reply` instances. The `:start` and `:end`
events always fire for requests. If a request handler is an `async` function or
one that returns a `Promise` then the `:asyncStart` and `:asyncEnd` events also
fire. These include an additional `result` property which represents the
returned / resolved response. Finally, the `:error` event contains an `error`
property associated with the request's failure.

> These events can be received by doing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These events can be received like so:
```
